[IRIS]
I'm responsible for my subjects.
But I'm also charged
with upholding the
balance between
light and darkness.
From the moment I became queen,
I've felt the weight
of that balance.
If it's ever disrupted,
the very fabric of this
world will begin to unravel.
It's a law that can
never be rewritten.
I can't help but
feel strange about it.
I order my people
to fight the darkness,
yet I'm complicit in
its continued existence.
[IRIS] Is this simply the way
things have always been?
Is this balance
between light and dark
one that can only be
upheld through violence?
I don't want to believe that
the world has to be like this.
But the truth is
I can't change it.
Not alone.
[IRIS] All I can do by myself is
fight to maintain the present.
[SHEAMA] It looks like
we'll make it just in time.
Now to see if we can hold.
[SHEAMA]
Hurry back, Phious. Please.
[PHIOUS]
A dead end?
No. I don't believe it is.
Huh?
[ALANTIA]
We just need to go up.
[PHIOUS]
How?
Perhaps I should
simply demonstrate.
There's a passage here.
Ah. I see.
[gasps]
Think you just saved my life.
Yes. Now let's go.
[PHIOUS]
Hm.
Looks like a straight shot.
It's too dark to be certain.
I have no idea where
this path might lead.
We should proceed with caution.
[METIS MAGE 10A gasps]
[METIS MAGE 09A]
I'll take them.
We came as fast as we could.
Lady Sheama!
Now.
Mages, up to the walls.
Knights, you'll
fight in the streets.
Be brave and we'll
make it through this.
‐‐[KNIGHT 10A] Right.
‐‐[KNIGHT 10B] Understood!
[BOTH grunt]
[PHIOUS] Come on!
How long can this tunnel be?
We've lost too
much time already.
[ALANTIA]
Something isn't right.
Hm?
Look at that.
Huh?
[PHIOUS gasps]
We've been following
a tunnel to nowhere.
[CITIZENS shouting]
[KNIGHT 10C] You need to
run, ma'am. It isn't safe!
[KNIGHT 10C]
Go, hurry!
Okay.
[KNIGHT 10C grunts]
[METIS MAGE 10B]
More monsters.
They're appearing
in the streets.
We're in trouble.
[ALL yelling]
What do we do?
Wow.
Did you do that
without the rune? Amazing.
No. I used the rune's power.
Huh?
[ALANTIA] I keep it stored
in bottles like this.
I get it. Well done.
You continue to impress.
How many do you have?
And can anyone use them?
[ALANTIA chuckles]
[grunts]
Is that the place?
Here goes! [yells]
‐‐[PHIOUS grunting]
‐‐[sword clanging]
I think it's a puzzle.
Step back for a moment.
Let's see if this works.
Lord Alantia, have
you been here before?
[ALANTIA]
Never. The idea just came to me.
[PHIOUS chuckles] I'd've had no
chance if I'd come here alone,
so thank you.
[ALANTIA]
Hm.
[panting]
[ALANTIA]
Here we are.
[PHIOUS]
Those are the Shining Droplets?
[ALANTIA]
Hold on!
[ALANTIA] They hold a vast
concentration of pure soul.
It's both powerful
and dangerous.
[ALANTIA]
We should withdraw for now
so we can devise precautions.
[PHIOUS]
No.
[PHIOUS groans]
Phious!
We can't afford to waste
even one more second.
The forces of darkness could
be closing in on our homes,
attacking our
people as we speak.
[PHIOUS]
Even with Sheama to lead them,
my knights must be in disarray.
[PHIOUS]
Still...
...Queen Iris comes first.
She is their hope.
[PHIOUS groans]
If the queen falls,
all is lost.
[PHIOUS grunts]
Well done.
Thanks.
Let's go.
‐‐[CITIZENS shouting]
‐‐[footsteps]
Evacuate! Try to
reach the palace!
[KNIGHT 10E]
Yes, ma'am!
We'll hold them right here.
‐‐[IRIS grunts]
‐‐[SHEAMA] Queen Iris!
The linked incantation.
[GROUP]
Right.
[MAGES]
Become manifest!
One of the seven great powers:
[MAGES]
Shield of Affection!
It's working.
[IRIS grunts]
Yes, it is.
But it won't last.
Let's retreat to the palace...
...and plan...
[SHEAMA grunts]
Iris, stay strong!
[BOTH panting]
[BOTH gasping]
[PHIOUS]
What's going on?
[ALANTIA]
Darkness has attacked in force.
That's a Shield of Affection.
Considering its size,
I'm guessing the
queen helped cast it.
[PHIOUS grunts]
[PHIOUS]
Queen Iris.
[GROZA gasps]
[gasps]
[GROZA screams]
Groza, no!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunting]
[GROZA yelps]
You jumped for me.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
We're safe now.
Thank you. I'm in your debt.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Don't sweat it. But what now?
How do we get back up?
[GROZA]
Yeah. Good question.
Let's go through there!
All right!
[GROZA]
Huh?! 'Kay...
Fine!
[GROZA gasps]
No, Your Highness!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS yells]
[gasps] Solitaire Orage!
[GROZA]
Are you all right?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS] It was
a close call, but I'm okay.
Thank you.
Yeah... sure.
Anyway, let's go home.
Our work is done here.
Is everything okay?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS] It's just,
do you think we'll ever get to
visit the Kingdom
of White again?
[GROZA grunts]
I don't know.
It's difficult to tell
what the King of Darkness
might be thinking.
And after what happened,
I doubt that White
would welcome us.
[GROZA]
Tell you what,
I picked up some tasty looking
fish from the market today.
Why don't I cook us both dinner?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Hm.
[GROZA giggles]
[GROZA]
Here. Hope you like it.
[GROZA] You're gonna be
the King of Darkness someday,
so you need to
keep your strength up.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
The King of Darkness.
I'm not sure...
...that I can.
[VALLUS] It's the nature
of darkness to envelop all.
Good... evil... everything.
Darkness grows. It is a veil
that must never be lifted.
It will continue to expand as
long as there is space for it.
And that has been
the truth of this world
since it came into being.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Is that the truth?
No. I can't accept that.
I can't even consider it.
What matters is the promise
I made to the queen.
[chair clatters]
Hey, what are you talking about?
One day, you'll be king.
What could possibly
matter more than that?!
Aren't you still
fighting for an ideal?
Then why don't
you tell me about it?
What's your plan for the future?
Please, let me stand beside you
and help you change
things for the better.
I just want to be with you.
Ever since the day we first met,
since the moment I saw you...
[gasps]
...I've completely adored you.
[GROZA]
And you feel the same...
But not about me.
You want a future
with Queen Iris, right?
[GROZA]
I see.
Well, in that case, I‐‐
I'll‐‐
[GROZA crying]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
W‐Wait, Groza!
[GROZA]
I'll still stand by you.
[GROZA] I'll always
support you however I can.
No matter what.
[PHIOUS]
Sheama! I'm back!
Hey, you made it.
Just where have you been?
We'll talk once the queen
is well. This should help her.
Take it.
Pure soul.
[IRIS grunts]
So what do you think?
[SHEAMA]
It'll work, I'm sure.
Sorry we're so late.
[THEO]
Is Queen Iris better?
She is.
[sighs]
[THEO laughs]
Things are bad. Black
attacked when you left.
We did our best but,
we were overwhelmed.
[PHIOUS] I heard what
happened from the knights.
I'm sorry.
The shield can't last forever.
We need a plan of action.
[PHIOUS] I know. We'll make
our preparations quickly,
drop the shield, and fight.
[SHEAMA]
Okay.
[IRIS]
If things go on like this,
I won't be able to
maintain the present.
[IRIS] I just don't
know what I should do.
We want the same thing.
To help both our people.
And leave happiness in our wake.
Towards that end, as best I can,
I'll support you from the mud.
Just follow the
path you believe in.
You'll find your way.
[IRIS whimpers]
[IRIS] There's only
one path I want to follow.
And that is the
path that leads to you.
[PHIOUS]
Queen Iris.
Uh, sorry for interrupting
your prayer, my queen.
But the decisive
battle is close at hand.
So with respect, please
consider getting some rest.
Uh. Sorry, Phious.
I would hate for my actions to
give you any cause to worry.
[PHIOUS]
I mean,
it's my duty to protect
you so of course I worry.
I'm truly grateful
for your service.
Thank you very much.
Please, there's
no need for that.
[IRIS] But that's
really the least I can do.
Having you and
Sheama to depend on
has been an absolute blessing.
You two are always there for me.
Forgive me. This is improper,
but I have to say,
to me and Sheama,
you're both Queen and family.
She and I treasure you.
[IRIS giggles]
That's sweet of you, Phious.
I treasure you, too.
Thank you so much.
I'm so glad to
have you as family.
Uh, one last thing‐‐
I won't let the forces
of darkness harm you.
Please consider
that a solemn vow.
[IRIS]
Thank you very much.
Now you're thanking me too much.
[IRIS chuckles]
I suppose I am.
Please try to get some rest.
Yeah. Sure.